Unify Formatting (#82)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: website/docs/r/dx_transit_virtual_interface.md

The following arguments are supported:

* `address_family` - (Optional) The address family for the BGP peer.
    * _Valid values_: `ipv4 `
    * _Default value_: `ipv4`
* `amazon_address` - (Optional) The IPv4 CIDR address of the connection endpoint on the cloud side.
* `bgp_asn` - (Required) The BGP ASN on the client side.
* `bgp_auth_key` - (Optional, Sensitive) The authentication key for BGP configuration.
* `connection_id` - (Required) The ID of the Direct Connect connection (or LAG) on which the virtual interface has to be created.
* `customer_address` - (Optional) The IPv4 CIDR address of the connection endpoint on the client side.
* `dx_gateway_id` - (Required) The ID of the Direct Connect gateway that the virtual interface must be connected to.
* `name` - (Required) The name for the virtual interface.

> * `tags` - (Optional, Editable) Map of tags to assign to the virtual interface. If there is a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional, Editable) Map of tags to assign to the virtual interface. If a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.
```
